Readme patch (#9)
uccser/swarm-stack-updater: README.md

# Swarm Stack Updater
The Swarm Stack Updater an automated tool built in shell that can be run periodically on a Docker Swarm to search for and identify any out of date stacks. If any changes are found, this tool automatically downloads, updates, and redeploys software back onto the swarm.

> This tool has been specifically enginneered to find and update full stacks by downloading Docker Compose files from GitHub. This was after finding tools such as [Watchtower](https://github.com/containrrr/watchtower) or [Shepard](https://github.com/djmaze/shepherd) which only aimed to update individual Docker containers by updating images. Using Compose files means whole application stacks can be updated and can allow for configuration changes as well.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool has been specifically enginneered to find and update full Docker Stacks by downloading Docker Compose files from GitHub.
This was after finding tools such as [Watchtower](https://github.com/containrrr/watchtower) or [Shepard](https://github.com/djmaze/shepherd) which only aimed to update individual Docker containers by updating images.
Using Compose files means whole application stacks can be updated and can allow for configuration changes as well.  
```

Two minor changes:

- Replace 'stacks' with 'Docker Stacks' to be more explicit.
- Puts each new sentence on a new line, make it easier when doing version control comparisons later.

## Requirements

> * Needs to be run in a docker swarm, this can either be locally or on a remove server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Can only be run in a Docker Swarm.
```

Capitalised, remove clause about local or remote (irrelevant), also it said remove.

* The tool makes use of the Github API and Container Registry. You may have to update the script to work for other 

> repositories and container registries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The tool makes use of the Github API and Container Registry.
  You may have to update the script to work for other repositories and container registries.
```

Newline for new sentence.

* Website must have a status url that returns a JSON object that contains both 

> sha commit hash and a tag version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Website must have a status url that returns a JSON object that contains both SHA-1 commit hash and a tag version.
```

Reviewer: Changed 'sha' to 'SHA-1'

> * ```{"VERSION_NUMBER": "3.10.0", "GIT_SHA": "a49a111d"}```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  ```{"VERSION_NUMBER": "7.1.0", "GIT_SHA": "634d994d771fa23f65bc735bba32317ca71b374d"}`
  ```
```

Remove bullet, and show full hash.

> * Deployment on swarm requires Swarm Cronjob running and deployed on swarm
> this can be found here https://github.com/crazy-max/swarm-cronjob

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Deployment requires [Swarm Cronjob](https://github.com/crazy-max/swarm-cronjob) running and deployed on the Swarm.
```

> * From the bottom of the compose file you can see that a secret is required. This should be a ```github_access_token``` to allow for multiple requests. More about docker secrets can be found here: https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A secret is required for multiple GitHub requests (see the Compose file).
  This must be named ```github_access_token```.
  More about Docker Secrets can be found in the [Docker documentation](https://docs.docker.com/engine/swarm/secrets/).
```

> * Your docker images should also contain some extra information in their manifest files. This is so the app is able to identify whether a new image is available to download.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The Docker images must contain additional information in their manifest files.
  This is so the tool can identify whether a new image is available to download.
```

Manifest JSON should contain at least:
```
...
labels: {
  "org.opencontainers.image.revision": "<commit-sha>"
}
...
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An [example is available within the CS Unplugged repostiory](https://github.com/uccser/cs-unplugged/blob/develop/infrastructure/production/django/Dockerfile#L28-L36).

```

## Deployment:

> 1. First create a config file so that the Swarm Stack Updater is able to recognise what it needs to update. This should contain the stack's name, whether you are deploying the tool in a development environment, the websites url that you are updating as well as some repository information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. First create a config file so that the Swarm Stack Updater is able to recognise what it needs to update.
  This should contain the stack's name, whether you are deploying the tool in a development environment, the websites url that you are updating as well as some repository information.
```

# Swarm Stack Updater
The Swarm Stack Updater an automated tool built in shell that can be run periodically on a Docker Swarm to search for and identify any out of date stacks. If any changes are found, this tool automatically downloads, updates, and redeploys software back onto the swarm.

> This tool has been specifically enginneered to find and update full Docker Stacks by downloading Docker Compose files from GitHub.

Reviewer: Typo: engineered

}
...
```

> An [example is available within the CS Unplugged repostiory](https://github.com/uccser/cs-unplugged/blob/develop/infrastructure/production/django/Dockerfile#L28-L36).

Reviewer: Typo: repostiory

        user: <github_username>
```

2. Next save that config file as "swarm_updater_config" and set it as a config file in your swarm, this can be done <br />

> by typing ```docker config create swarm_updater_config <path-to-file>``` or can be setup as part of step 3 in your deployment compose file.

Reviewer: I can't get this suggestion to format properly, but have all the text on one line, then the code following in a code block (three backtick delimiters). This avoids using HTML within the Markdown.

```
2. Next save that config file as "swarm_updater_config" and set it as a config file in your swarm, this can be done by typing the following command (or can be setup as part of step 3 in your deployment compose file).
   docker config create swarm_updater_config <path-to-file>
```

        external: true
```

## Development

### Running Locally

The tool has been designed specifically to run using docker swarm or compose but it can be run locally if required. I have tryed my best to remove all issues when running locally but it may not be perfect.

1. Clone the repository using following the command:
```
https://github.com/uccser/swarm-stack-updater.git
```

> 2. Use the following command to pull BATS, which is used for automated testing. This will pull all the required tools for running and creating tests for this application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the following command to pull BATS, which is used for automated testing.
  This will pull all the required tools for running and creating tests for this application.
```

```
git submodule update --init
```
3. Ensure that you have a configuration file created and have the requried environment varibles defined. To define environment varibles use the command ```export ENV_VAR=<value>```.

> 4. Run the swarm updater by running the command ```./src/swarm_stack_updater.sh.``` You may need to set to to be executible this can be done by typing the command ```chmod +x /src/swarm_stack_updater.sh```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Run the swarm updater by running the command ```./src/swarm_stack_updater.sh```.
  You may need to set to to be executible this can be done by typing the command ```chmod +x /src/swarm_stack_updater.sh```
```

Full stop was inside code block.

```
https://github.com/uccser/swarm-stack-updater.git
```
2. Use the following command to pull BATS, which is used for automated testing.
  This will pull all the required tools for running and creating tests for this application.
```
git submodule update --init
```
3. Ensure that you have a configuration file created and have the requried environment varibles defined. To define environment varibles use the command ```export ENV_VAR=<value>```.

4. Run the swarm updater by running the command ```./src/swarm_stack_updater.sh```.

>   You may need to set to to be executible this can be done by typing the command ```chmod +x /src/swarm_stack_updater.sh```

Reviewer: Probably best to make these inline code blocks (single back delimiters) to match the ones in the following lines.
